The Monte Carlo Localization Algorithm is
composed of two main sections represented by two for loops.
The first section is the motion and sensor update,
and the second one is the resampling process.
Given a map of the environment,
the goal of the MCL is to determine the robot's pose represented by the belief.
At each iteration, the algorithm takes the previous belief,
the actuation command, and the sensor measurements as input.
Initially, the belief is obtained by randomly generating m particles.
Then, in the first for loop,
the hypothetical state is computed whenever the robot moves.
Following, the particles weight is computed using the latest sensor measurements.
Now, motion and measurement are both added to the previous state.
Moving onto the second section of the MCL where a sampling process happens.
Here, the particles with high probability survive and are re-drawn in the next iteration,
while the others die.
Finally, the algorithm outputs the new belief and another cycle of
iteration starts implementing the next motion by reading the new sensor measurements.